Restructure (#6553)
kubernetes-sigs/kueue: site/content/en/docs/concepts/admission_check/provisioning_request.md

    - Cluster Autoscaler receives ProvisioningRequest, checks actual cluster capacity, triggers scaling if needed and updates ProvisioningRequest status with this possible states: 
      - `Provisioned=true`: CA provisioned the capacity and it's ready to use
      - `Provisioned=false`: Provisioning in progress
      - `Failed=true`:  CA couldn't provision the capacity
      - `BookingExpired=true`: CA stopped booking the capacity, it will scale down if there are no Pods running on it  
      - `CapacityRevoked=true`: CA revokes the capacity, if a Workload is running on it, it will be evicted
  
    These conditions only affect non-admitted Workloads. Once admitted, they are ignored.

Let's understand this with a real-world usage - GPU Workload:

Scenario: *AI training job requiring 16 GPUs :*

- **Step 1** *(Quota Reservation)*: ClusterQueue has 32 GPU quota available. Kueue reserves 16 GPUs from this quota.

- **Step 2** *(Admission Check)*: Kueue creates a ProvisioningRequest requesting for 16 GPUs. 
  - Cluster Autoscaler checks cloud provider GPU inventory and initiates scaling of 4x GPU nodes (4 GPUs each). It sets `Provisioned=true` when nodes are ready.

>   - Kueue sees the `Provisioned=true` proceeds to mark the AdmissionCheck `Ready` and admits workload.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Kueue sees the `Provisioned=true` marks the AdmissionCheck `Ready` and admits workload.
```
